README.adoc, before:

image::http://blog.greglturnquist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/3021OS_mockupcover_normal.png[float="right"]

This is a standing repo of the code for http://blog.greglturnquist.com/category/learning-spring-boot[_Learning Spring Boot_].

While not evident when you read the book, each chapter has a progressive approach regarding code. At various phases through each chapter, new features are added. To snapshot that, I create a separate app (using numbering) in the relevant chapter. To see the final version of the app, simply jump to the last app.

If you are looking for the details explaining each app, please https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/learning-spring-boot[order a copy of the book].

It may sound presumptuous, but I have high confidence in the fidelity of the code. I developed each version of each chapter's app inside my IDE and ran it repeatedly. Since I http://blog.greglturnquist.com/2014/05/asciidoc-springboot-packtpub-awesome-tool-chain.html[wrote the entire book using Asciidoctor], I simply imported the source code directly into the manuscript. The risk at hand is not importing some aspect of the app.

NOTE: I froze the code against https://spring.io/blog/2014/09/05/spring-boot-1-1-6-released[Spring Boot 1.1.6.RELEASE]. That was the point when I had to turn things over to Packt. I haven't decided how to make upgrades. If you are reading the book, naturally you want to see an identical cut of the code as to the book. Perhaps I'll craft a branch and upgrade things there to use the latest version of Spring Boot. Stay tuned. In the meantime, http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=share%20and%20enjoy[share and enjoy]!

Commit message:

Include bits about gradle wrapper and JDK 8

README.adoc, after:

image::http://blog.greglturnquist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/3021OS_mockupcover_normal.png[float="right"]

This is a standing repo of the code for http://blog.greglturnquist.com/category/learning-spring-boot[_Learning Spring Boot_]. While the book explains how to use the gradle wrapper, the code here already has the gradle wrapper set up. That means that for http://gradle.org/[gradle-based] apps, you can immediately run them assuming you have Java installed on your box.

CAUTION: No have Java? I suggest you download and install http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html[Java 8 Development Kit (JDK)]. The book is based on using Java 8 to build and run everything.

While not evident when you read the book, each chapter has a progressive approach regarding code. At various phases through each chapter, new features are added. To snapshot that, I create a separate app (using numbering) in the relevant chapter. To see the final version of the app, simply jump to the last app.

If you are looking for the details explaining each app, please https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/learning-spring-boot[order a copy of the book].

It may sound presumptuous, but I have high confidence in the fidelity of the code. I developed each version of each chapter's app inside my IDE and ran it repeatedly. Since I http://blog.greglturnquist.com/2014/05/asciidoc-springboot-packtpub-awesome-tool-chain.html[wrote the entire book using Asciidoctor], I simply imported the source code directly into the manuscript. The risk at hand is not importing some aspect of the app.

NOTE: I froze the code against https://spring.io/blog/2014/09/05/spring-boot-1-1-6-released[Spring Boot 1.1.6.RELEASE]. That was the point when I had to turn things over to Packt. I haven't decided how to make upgrades. If you are reading the book, naturally you want to see an identical cut of the code as to the book. Perhaps I'll craft a branch and upgrade things there to use the latest version of Spring Boot. Stay tuned. In the meantime, http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=share%20and%20enjoy[share and enjoy]!
